# NYC Citi Bike Analysis

Dear investors, an investment in Citibike Des Moines is not only viable through a comparison with NYC, but in many ways it may be a more promising location for Citibike. The questions we sought to answer were as follows: What is the population of Des Moines? How does its population compare to the population of New York City? Does the population affect the number of people who will use the bike-sharing program? By looking at Census data and the Des Moines Iowa Tourism website we were able to glean these piece of information and craft a story in Tableau. We found that the population of Des Moines was about an eighth of the population of New York, (214,237 vs 1,628,706). The reason we chose Manhattan as a comparison instead of all of New York city is because we found using the NYC Citibike dashboard that an overwhelming number of trips were local to Manhattan and not other boroughs. I then wanted to point out some qualitative differences that make Des Moines attractive as a Citibike location. One, the streets are wider in Des Moines, and there's less foot traffic, making it easier to bike around. Two, Des Moines is a larger area than New York, making walking a poor alternative to biking as it can tend to be in New York. Third, New York has a very viable public transit system that is often an alternative to biking, whereas Des Moines has no such system. Reducing the alternatives towards biking and increasing the ability could lead to higher percentage of usage by population than NYC. Finally, the tourism wbeiste of Des Moines promtoes biking in parks, trails, and through tours to see different monuments throughout the city. I hope you will enjoy the story I've craft and come to the same conclusion that I have, namely that Des Moines is the perfect palce to invest in a citibike program.

[link to dashboard](https://public.tableau.com/profile/aakash.bhattacharya7008#!/vizhome/Book1_15983946923370/Story1?publish=yes "link to dashboard")

## Smaller Title
### Even Smaller Title